---
title: 'Looking for a RA!'
date: 2023-05-09
permalink: /posts/2023/05/RA/
tags:
  - research
  - WFP
---

Hello!

I was recently awarded a [LSE Research and Impact Support Fund](https://info.lse.ac.uk/staff/divisions/research-and-innovation/research/apply-for-funding/lse-research-support-fund) (my first grant, hurray, thanks LSE!) and I am now looking for a Research Assistant to work with me and the UN World Food Programme on predicting food insecurities.

Below there are more details about it. If interested, can you please email me by Monday **15th of May** your CV and a short (max 1 page) cover letter? Thanks!

- Start date: 29th May 2023
- End date: 31st May 2024
- Average hours per week: 14 (2 days)
- Rate of pay: starts from band 5, step 18 (currently £ 21.41 incl holiday pay)
- Place of work: LSE or remotely within the UK (it is much easier if you have the right-to-work in the UK. If not, no hope is lost but I'd have to equire with HR and it could reflect in some changes to the contract). Two trips to the UN WFP office in Rome are included.
- Application deadline: 15th of May, end of the day.

About the project: The goal of the project is to forecast food insecurities at regional, country and global level using data on the economic status, conflicts and weather of a region. The resulting work (a paper) will build on [Martini et al. (2022)](https://www.nature.com/articles/s43016-022-00587-8), who proposed a nowcasting method for food insecurity based on XGBoost. Our proposal will use the strengths of Bayesian methods. The project is a collaboration with the [Hunger Monitoring Unit of the United Nations World Food Programme (HMU UN WFP)](https://hungermap.wfp.org), based in Rome.
(I left the description vague on purpose, if you want more details just drop me an email.)

Requirements:
- A MSc degree in a technical subject such as Statistics, Mathematics or Computer Science with knowledge of statistical methods.
- Knowledge of Bayesian methods.
- Knowledge of Python.
- Preferably, the right-to-work in the UK.

------
